Specify that CSOT prose test 11 only runs on standalone servers (#1672)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-operations-timeout/tests/README.md

This test MUST only run against server versions 8.0+. This test must be skipped on Atlas Serverless.

> This test MUST only run against standalones on server versions 4.4 and higher. The insertMany call takes an exceedingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test MUST only run against standalones. The `bulkWrite` call takes an exceedingly
```

server version requirement is already listed above
